{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 CSS animation:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 On the element itself you place the
\f0\b  transition parameter 
\f1\b0 \
#glass \{\
transition-property: transform;\
  transition-duration: 3s;\
  transition-timing-function: ease-in-out;\
  transition-delay: 1s;\
\}\
\

\f0\b Or the shorthand: 
\f1\b0 transition: transform 3s ease-in-out 1s;\
\
On the trigger you place the
\f0\b  transform parameter\
 
\f1\b0 #glass:hover \{\
  transform: scale(50%);\
\}\
\
You may also have different property by separating each of them with a coma (,)\
\
#glass \{\
 transition: transform 0.5s ease-in-out 1s, filter 0.5s ease 0.7s;\
\}\
\
#glass:hover \{\
 transform: scale(200%);\
 filter: blur(10px);\
\}\
\

\f0\b Or using all 
\f1\b0 if they all have similar values \
 transition: all 0.5s ease-in-out 1s;\
\
\
You may use 
\f0\b animation
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b keyframe
\f1\b0  if you want that to go continuously \
#glass \{\
  position: absolute;\
  top: 45%;                  /* ajustement pour la main */\
  left: 35%;\
  width: 6%;\
  height: auto;\
  cursor: pointer;\
  animation: glassDance 2s ease-in-out infinite;\
\}\
\
@keyframes glassDance \{\
  0%, 100% \{\
    transform: scale(100%);\
    filter: blur(0);\
  \}\
  50% \{\
    transform: scale(200%);\
    filter: blur(10px);\
  \}\
\}\
\
\
Try this one and the element will dance:\
1st, on the element: animation: dance 2s infinite ease-in-out;\
\
2nd, on the @keyframe:\
0% \{\
    transform: translateX(0) rotate(0deg);\
  \}\
  20% \{\
    transform: translateX(-20px) rotate(-5deg);\
  \}\
  40% \{\
    transform: translateX(20px) rotate(5deg);\
  \}\
  60% \{\
    transform: translateY(-20px) scale(1.05);\
  \}\
  80% \{\
    transform: translateX(-10px) rotate(-3deg);\
  \}\
  100% \{\
    transform: translateX(0) rotate(0deg);\
  \}\
\
Ps: animation will always take over on rollover. So :hover won\'92t work at the same time as animation. But a quick workaround is to paused animation at : hover with simply that :   animation-play-state: paused;   and then have the transformation\
\
#mench-all:hover \{\
  animation-play-state: paused;          \
  transform: translateX(100px) rotate(180deg);\
     \
\}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Here are the standard ease types available in CSS:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 ease: This is the default value. It creates a transition that starts slowly, accelerates in the middle, and then slows down towards the end. It's represented by cubic-bezier(0.25, 0.1, 0.25, 1). \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 linear: This creates a transition with a constant speed from start to finish. It's represented by cubic-bezier(0, 0, 1, 1). \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 ease-in: This creates a transition that starts slowly and then progressively speeds up until the end. It's represented by cubic-bezier(0.42, 0, 1, 1). \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 ease-out: This creates a transition that starts abruptly and then progressively slows down towards the end. It's represented by cubic-bezier(0, 0, 0.58, 1).\'a0\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 ease-in-out: This creates a transition that starts slowly, speeds up in the middle, and then slows down again towards the end. It's represented by cubic-bezier(0.42, 0, 0.58, 1). \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 cubic-bezier(n, n, n, n): This allows for the creation of a custom easing curve by specifying four numerical values that define the coordinates of two control points for a cubic Bezier curve. The x-coordinates must be within the range [0, 1].\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cubic-bezier.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 https://cubic-bezier.com/}}
\f1\fs26  to customise the curve or simply inspect.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 steps(int, <jumpterm>): This creates a stepped transition, where the animation progresses in a series of discrete jumps rather than a smooth curve. The int value specifies the number of steps, and the optional <jumpterm> (e.g., start, end, jump-start, jump-end, jump-both, jump-none) controls how the steps are performed.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdap5e3-DwM"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdap5e3-DwM}}\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
\
Types of delay with @animation:\
\

\f1\b0 animation-delay\
animation-iteration-count (like 3 or infinite)\
animation-fill-mode (forwards, backwards, both)\
	Use 
\f0\b forwards
\f1\b0  if you want the element to 
\f3\i stay
\f1\i0  in its final position.\
	Use 
\f0\b backwards
\f1\b0  if you want the element to 
\f3\i start
\f1\i0  in its animated style even before the animation begins.\
	Use 
\f0\b both
\f1\b0  if you want 
\f3\i both behaviors
\f1\i0  \'97 useful for delayed animations that should begin visually right away and remain at their end state.\
	ex: #box \{\
  animation: fadeIn 2s ease-in-out 1 forwards;\
\}\
@keyframes fadeIn \{\
  from \{ opacity: 0; \}\
  to \{ opacity: 1; \}\
\}\
After finishing, opacity stays at 1.\
\
animation-direction (normal, reverse, alternate, etc.)\
\
	Alternates direction each cycle:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 first run \uc0\u8594  forward (0% \u8594  100%)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 second run \uc0\u8594  backward (100% \u8594  0%)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 third run \uc0\u8594  forward again, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0  Ex: #glass \{\
  animation: glassDance 2s ease-in-out 1s 3 alternate;\
\}\
@keyframes glassDance \{\
  0%   \{ transform: scale(100%); filter: blur(0); \}\
  100% \{ transform: scale(200%); filter: blur(10px); \}\
\}\
\
\
 }